You were talkin'
about motion pictures
with your pals the other day...
And this particular
motion picture
was stacked to the tits
with that thing I hate.
Well, that doesn't really
narrows it downs.
You know the thing.
Oh, What?
Like, there's a super intense
dramatic scene
and one actor is on the other
side of the room,
screaming their lines
at the other actor,
and then slowly and gradually,
they get closer and closer,
speaking more
quietly and softly,
up until they get
about nose to nose,
and then they deliver their last
line ant it's almost a whisper?
- Okay, I hate that.
- Yeah.
And then it's usually
some kind of variation on...
(Whispers:) "Try me."
Or something like...
(Whispers:)
"Don't make me hurt you."
Or, "This ends here."
Yeah, no.
Or how whenever there's
a scene where,
like, a gal kicks
a dude's ass, magically,
the dude just kind of
appears out of nowhere
and says something like...
- "Hey... bitch."
- Worst.
And then, after the gal's done
kickin' the dude's ass,
the gal just shows up
and swallows,
says something
all breathy, like...
(Breathing heavily)
"Who's the bitch now?"
Ugh. Sit down.
Or how there's
always some kid
who doesn't speak
any English,
trying to lead all
the English-speaking people
away from danger,
but all he can say is,
"Here! Here!"
- "Here! Here!"
Enough!
Yes, I hate all that,
but there is nothing
I hate more than--
- Oh...
- Yup.
When every actor takes a sharp
inhale before their line
for dramatic effect.
(Inhales sharply)
What's wrong with that, Katy?
You saying you don't like that?
(Inhales sharply)
Kinda feels like
you're lobb-sing a grenade to
the industrys there.
- Don't.
- (Inhales sharply)
Do you have any idea how often
actors use this device
for dramatic effect, Katy?
(Inhales sharply) And people
don't even speak that way.
(Inhales) Have you ever heard
anyone breathe like that
before they speaks ever
in your lifes?
Go aheads, I'll wait.
Gettin' on my last
nervski, boys.
(Inhales)
When's it gonna stop, Katy?
What ever happened
to less is more, Katy?
(Inhales)
Actors need to stop
trying so darn hard, Katy.
(Inhales) Not that I got
it all my damn self.
(Inhales) Yeah, not that I have
it all my damn self, Katy.
(Inhales)
Just sayin', Katy.
(Inhales) I completely
understand
why you hates that, Miss Katys.
- Fuck off!
- (Inhaling sharply)
- Fuckin'-- (Hiccups)
- (Hiccups)
(All hiccupping)
Ooh, took in too much air there.
(Hiccups)
- (Hiccupping)
- I hate the hiccups.
Fuckin' scare me
or something.
(All hiccupping)
- Ha!
- You think that's scary?
Boogety, boogety, boogety!
Who the fuck are you?
(Hiccups)
(All hiccupping)
And you suppose
that's what...
thespians mean by
sacrificing for your craft.
(Hiccups)
♪
(Phone ringing)
- (Phone ringing)
- Hello?
Tanis: It's Glen.
He says we need to get down
to the Church right away.
(Phone chiming)
It's Glen.
He says we need to get down
to the church right away.
- (Phone chiming)
- It's Glen.
He says we need to get down
to the church right away.
(Phone chiming)
- It's Tanis.
- 'Kay.
Says "I knew youse
wouldn't listen to Glen.
Seriously. Church. Now."
We should go.
- You know I'm unavailable.
- I should go.
Right when
I'm finally winning?
I'll make it up to you.
When's the last time
you had boar chops?
Ah!
You can wait a
couple hours right?
(Grumbling)
(Church bell ringing)
At long last.
Thank you for heeding my call.
What's the rumpus, Glen?
Dearly beloved, we are
gathered here today--
Whoa! I will not be hoodwinked
into attending
a religious service, good sir.
- That's what I said.
- Spit it out, hot stuff.
I'm getting to it!
Maybe get to it a little faster.
Okay. Wh-- fine.
I gathered you all here today--
Not fast enough.
--because I wanted to thank you
for participating
in the bake sale to help me
raise money for the youth group!
Phew! Was that fast
enough for you, Rosie?!
Yeah, I guess
we can use that.
(Sighing) Katy,
your muffins were divine.
It's Uncle Eddie's recipe.
Guess it still holds up.
Rosie, your banana bread
left me fit to be tied.
You'd be surprised
at how easy it is to make.
Tanis!
Don't yell
at me, preacher.
Your bannock
blew my mind.
I know my way around
a salle à manger.
She's cute.
She means "cuisine".
Gail! Your tarts worked their
way into my hearts and my belly.
Dick-skin helped.
Coach!
No one gave two poops
about your fruit cake,
which is no surprise
at all.
You don't like fruit cake?
Oh, no. Me, personally,
I love a fruit cake.
Oh, you do?
Anybody who knows me at all
knows that about me. (Snorts)
Barb loved fruit cake.
Oh, can we not
with Barb, please?
(Softly:) Well, I was hesitant
to contribute at all.
Hm?
(Softly:) I was hesitant
to contribute at all.
Huh?
I was hesitant to
contribute at all!
- Pourquoi?
- Because the Christian youth
are... uh...
dabbling in a little
iffy business these days.
- Like what?
- You ever heard of soaking?
- No.
- It's when a dude...
puts his dink in a gal...
(Grunting)
- Oh.
- ...but doesn't move it.
So, like, no thrusting
or anything?
- No.
- But that's the good stuff.
- Oh, my...
- The dude...
just puts his dink in...
- (Grunting)
- ...and stays still.
It's a way for them
to get around
saving their virginity
till marriage.
Little troubleshooting
there.
So, they would say, we can't
have sex, but we can...
(Grunting) Soak.
What is the point?
Well, I guess it beats
not doing anything at all.
ALL:
No, it doesn't.
- All right, Glen...
- Okay, okay.
You are here because something
horrible has happened.
My best friend Tanis and I
arrived at the church today
at about, ehh,
it was 10 a.m.
Wait, what?
Oh. We're besties now.
'Cause remember,
when I called you,
you came right
away to help me?
And that's exactly
the kind of thing
a bestie does for their bestie.
Right, bestie?
Yeah, 'cause
you said there was a fire.
Well, one little white lie
never hurt nobody.
And I was like,
"Well, I didn't start it."
We arrived here at
around at 10 a.m.,
when I showed my bestie
that the till
that had all the earnings in it
from the bake sale
had gone missing!
And so, I says to my bestie,
I says,
"We best check our purses
'cause we done got robbed."
Now... all of you
had access to the till,
which means that one of you
heartless monsters stole...
from me - Glen -
your friend
or best friend,
depending on whether
or not your name is Tanis.
So, let me remind youse...
(Whispers)
...do not...
steal... from me.
KATY: Bravo.
- I didn't.
- And more importantly,
do not stealeth
from the Church!
From the Lordeth
shimself!
And all his Idrises Elba
and from the
Lordeth's youth group -
The Burning Bush Club.
It's me, Glen,
your friend.
Who hath stolen from me?!
Confess and then repent.
Who hath doneth it?
Oh!
How will I ever find out
who hath robbed me?
Lord, send me some help!
(Door opening)
STEWART:
Ding-dong.
Here! Here!
♪
Good evening.
It's afternoon.
What are you doing here,
under creature?
I am the answer to your
prayers, preacher man.
Honestly...
(Whispering)
Roald!
Oh, sorry Stewart.
(Sound effect of
thunder cracking)
Where's boo?
Who?
- Wayne!
- With Squirrely Dan.
I ordered some
Okoya furniture,
got delivered today.
You know how much
they love that shit.
Gentlemen.
What a great day, eh?
- Gots the times?
- No.
- Shockers.
- Sorry?
Well, you say
be available
between the hours of one
and four in the afternoon
to sign for delivery.
So, what time's it now?
4:45.
BOTH:
4:48!
We just follow
the schedule.
Oh, all right.
So, delivery's 75 bucks.
The attitude extra, 'er?
Katy said she was ordering some
Swedish furniture.
Didn't say anything
about no fuckin' lips.
WAYNE:
How 'bout the lip on this one?
DAN: Who knew Swedes were
so fuckin' lippy.
Did you have
somewhere to be?
WAYNE: I've had about enough
of the lip!
DAN: You Swedes may be good
at fuckin' meatballs,
but you got a lots to learn
about fuckin' being on times.
WAYNE:
What's your name?
- Jens.
- WAYNE: What?
Jens.
What is there two of ya?
That's gotta be the most Swedish
fuckin' name I ever heard.
I'm actually Dutch.
Don't say that too louds
around heres.
- What's your name?
- Gunner.
- But what's your real name?
Yeah, but what's your real name?
- Gunner.
- Fuck around.
You're already lates.
Don't get fuckin' smart.
I'd be careful, a nickname
like that just might stick.
Gettin' lipped off by
a couple of fuckin' Swedes.
I've had about enough
of the lip.
I can takes one looks
at ya
and I know why Katy's
fuckin' ordered offa yas.
WAYNE: Christ, I'm not sure
the shirts get any tighter,
but I'd bet the farm
they fuckin' gave it a shot.
We got one dresser
and two bed side tables.
- Where do want this assembled?
- Right there.
- What?
- WAYNE: What?!
What'd he say about the fuckin'
lip?
It's $75 for delivery,
installation and assembly.
Well, you already
fucked up the delivery.
You can sets it up
right heres and, for frees,
we'll let you know what kind of
job you're fuckin' doin'.
We can assemble it here, but let
us know where to carry it.
It'll take thirty seconds.
WAYNE: Yeah, while you bounce it
off 30 fuckin' walls.
The customer's
always right.
DAN: Damn right.
Pitter-patter.
WAYNE: All right,
youse go get sorted.
Dan and I will
finish our beers
and we'll go over
some safety tips.
(Church bell ringing)
Gasp! What are you doing here,
Stewart?! Hi, Roald.
Hi, Glen!
Um, hi, everyone!
Roald!
(Inhales sharply)
Assembled fools...
- (Inhales sharply)
- Don't!
Don't what?
Don't with
the dramatic inhale.
I am here...
because I know...
who did it.
How could you possibly know
anything, Stewart?
You refused to participate
in my bake sale!
I offered my brownies.
I don't care if
it's legal, Stewart;
you will not
sell drugs in my church!
Weed isn't even a drug.
I know Dan's the de facto butt
stuff fella in these parts--
Hey! I like a one
in the two.
I said "fella".
But butt stuff's pretty popular
with the Christian youth.
- Shocker.
- That too.
Basically anything
that doesn't involve
penile/vaginal penetration.
Another way to protect
their virginities.
Li'l life hack.
So, they say we can't have
vaginal intercourse,
but we can--
Fire it up the pooper.
- Really?
- Dance like nobody's watchin'.
To each his or her own.
- Now and then.
- All right!
Enough with these
sidebar conversations. Stewart!
Explain yourself in front of
God, his son Jesus,
and all of his
Idrises Elba!
(Both hissing)
- (Hissing)
- Fine!
I grew up reading
all the classics
of Lord Agatha Christie.
I don't think that's
how that works.
- It's not.
- Confirmed.
- Best friend.
- And... (Sniffing)
...I can sniff out
a murder plot a mile away!
Stewart the most
sophisticated sense of smell.
Got any snooters?
No one was murdered.
- Irregardless!
- Ugh.
Allow me to walk you
through... a scenario.
Gettin' close
to boar chop o'clock.
What brought all of
these strange,
disparate people gathered in
this room together today?
Why these people?
And why...
(Inhales sharply)
...here?
I asked them to help me with
the bake sale
'cause we're pals,
and then some.
STEWART:
Likely story.
BOTH: Likely story.
That's a likely story.
- Likely story.
- That's a likely story!
But what about this one?
(Thunder crashing)
No one likes Glen and no one
supports his church.
GLEN: Stewart, you know I can
still hear you, right?
STEWART:
I posit this!
Because no one really wanted to
help Glen or his God
or any of his Idrises Elba,
everyone pretended to put
their profits in the till,
but instead pocketed the money
and kept it for themselves!
♪
There was no money
to be stolen
because everyone
kept their own profits.
♪
Therefore...
(Thunder crashing)
Roald!
The murderer is...
everyone!
No one was murdered,
Stewart.
But wait, does that mean
you all robbed me?
Me and Him?
Capital H.
Isn't that just the plot of
Murder on the Orient Express?
Oh, love that book,
and the movie.
- Which one?
- David Suchet all the way.
I didn't hate the new one.
What up, Michelle Pfeiffer?
Yew!
- She is a masterpiece.
- Mmm-hmm.
She can still get it.
Any time she wants it.
Any time.
(Laughing) Any... time...
she wants... it.
So, What? You're telling me
that you admit it?
You all robbed me, all at
the same time, all at once.
- I got gang-banged?!
- Of course not, Glen.
Oh my God, Tanis,
I did not mean you.
You would never do
that to me.
You're my best friend
since forever.
Enough!
I did not say that's
what happened!
I posited...
that that's how it
could have happened!
But it didn't.
(Inhales sharply)
Allow me
to walk you through...
another scenario.
Do you know
what docking is?
No.
(Thunder crashing)
Do youse have
a stud finder?
I don't believe that's any of
your fuckin' business.
Okoya suggests fastening
the unit to the wall;
helps prevent it
from tipping.
- Youse gots a stud finders?
- Yeah.
Well, fuckin' point it over
here;
I'll tell ya if it's working.
Everybody's got
a stud finder joke.
I don't remember askin'
how nots to tip stuffs.
Did you want
the stud finder or not?
WAYNE: Well, fuckin' don't need
one; already found 'em.
DAN: You let us worries
about that.
Youse just worries about
righty-tightys, leftys-looseys.
You're getting some nice
furniture here.
DAN:
I can see from here
the hardware's stripped
from screwing it in once.
So, tells me again what we're
gettings heres?
WAYNE: Another Allen key
in the fuckin' junk drawer.
People seem to like it.
Know what else people
seemed to like?
Boy bands.
This silly Swedish furniture
is like boy bands:
it's hot for
a second, sure,
but it's only a matter of time
before you're a joke.
The screws get
stripped pretty easily.
You could holds the thing
together
better with fuckin' flour.
But it's good material
otherwise.
WAYNE:
What is?
GUNNER:
This.
WAYNE: Well,
I could piss a hole in that.
Hey, youse guys ever wonder
what it would feel like
to wear a shirt that
fuckin' fits?
- Tight pants kill sperms.
- I don't want kids.
Well, fuckin' bet they don't
want you either, bud.
We've got a couple of
stud finders in the truck.
- You can have this one.
- All right.
Well, don't point it over here;
it'll fuckin' break right off.
KATY:
Hang on. Glen,
what does the youth group
need money for?
- Katy!
- I've been to youth group
and all youse got
is refreshments.
No more than $20 dollars,
more like $15
if you're cuttin' coupons.
So, where does
the rest of it go?
Ask the Vatican.
If a Girl Guide
or a Boy Scout
comes to the door
selling cookies,
I know where
the money's going -
sendin' kids
camping and whatnot.
Or if a GI Jehovah
comes to the door,
I know where
the money's going -
cancelling Christmas
and whatnot.
But youse
don't go camping
and youse love Christmas.
So, I ask:
what is the money for?
Katy, have you seen the
price of Freshie lately?
Mm, they don't make
that anymore.
Exactly!
You can get all the Freshie
you want on the...
BOTH (Whispering):
Dark web.
Coach!
Hi, Stewart.
You are an emotional
basket case.
Well, I was unware
you felt this way.
You have never recovered from
the death of your wife.
Barb?
We all know
her name, Coach.
Though, come to think of it,
I don't know yours.
- Irregardless!
- (Thunder crashing)
Coach, you're the angriest man
we all know.
And then, no one bought
any of your fruitcake.
That might be enough to
push a man over the edge.
drive a man to murder!
♪
Ugh.
No one got--
(Thunder crashing)
No one got murdered,
Stewart!
I'm confused.
Is this supposed to be
another Agatha Christie book?
Of course it is.
I don't recognize
this plot at all.
Is it Evil Under The Sun?
- It's not The ABC Murders.
- Ten Little Indians?
- (Inhales sharply)
- She said it.
It's Death on the Nile!
- No, it isn't.
- Yes it is!
Death on the Nile is
about the poor couple
that kills the rich girl
to take her money.
Hastily simplified,
but yes.
Stewart, your Coach theory is
nothing like Death on the Nile.
(Scoffing) It is a very close
approximation.
- It's not.
- Can confirm.
Coach!
What... say... you?
I didn't do that.
(Both scoffing)
What a defence!
- What a defence!
BOTH: What a defence!
What a defence! What a defence!
I was actually quite happy
no one bought the fruit cake
because I found
that in the pantry
and I don't even know
how long it's been there.
- Coach...
- No, guys,
it's much darker
than that.
I, um... I guess...
a few months ago, I started
hittin' the bottle pretty hard--
Anyhoo!
I don't think
Coach did it, Stewart.
I didn't say that
Coach did it, Rosie.
I said he might
have done it.
No, you said he did it.
I posited!
It was only a posit.
And allow me to...
posit...
one... last...
- (Thunder crashing)
- ...time.
- JENS: All done, gentleman.
- DAN: Gots the times?
- Time to get a watch.
- WAYNE: Don't get lippy.
There's that
fuckin' lips agains.
- It's six o'clock.
- Oh, he's learnin'.
Sure you don't want us to take
this up to the bedroom?
Who said anything
about a bedroom?
Well, they're
bedside tables.
It's just a name, Jennifer.
DAN: They could just as
easily be ends tables.
WAYNE: Could just as easily be
a little table in the kitchen
to put the telephone on,
maybe a little notepad.
DAN: Spend all day haulin'
fuckin' boxes,
you should learn to thinks
outsides of one.
So, you don't want us to take
this inside?
- WAYNE: Sorted.
- Okay.
All right, Dan,
better fuckin' get it inside
before the wind
blows it over.
Your tips.
Hey, thanks.
I didn't see this coming.
- Want another one?
- BOTH: Sure.
Be on time.
(Both laughing)
Now, what are we gonna do
with this piece of shit?
Good Lord...
Christ sake.
This'll be the only time
I offer you a screw.
I'll take it, good buddy.
Alley-oop.
Clearly don't know anything
about Agatha Christie!
(All shouting at once)
Fine!
(Inhales sharply)
Allow for one last--
Last time I tell ya about
the dramatic inhale, skid.
Hey, bitch!
GLEN: Ooh. Ooh.
(Grunting)
Who's the bitch now?
Bravo.
I was getting
hiccups anyway.
Allow one
last theory
because this theory...
is the truth.
(Thunder crashing)
♪
I was hurt
- nay, offended -
when Glen rejected
my offer of baked-baked goods.
ROALD: (Giggling)
Good one, Stewart.
STEWART: Roald!
So, after everyone had packed
up and left the church,
I snuck back in and
stole the money myself!
♪
(Gasping)
But, Stewart...
Yes, Roald?
Why? Why would you do
all of this?
To see if I could
get away with it...
and... I... did.
Curtain!
Curtain couldn't
come soon enough.
Wait just a minute.
Curtain -
that's the name of
the last Hercule Poirot book,
the one where the detective
himself commits the murder
and then kills
himself at the end.
- Exactly.
- Ooh.
Are you gonna kill
yourself now, Stewart?
(Chuckling) More lookin'
at Coach for that.
Stewart, as a man
of the cloth,
I cannot condone suicide.
However, I do recommend
that you repent!
(Hissing)
Nah.
GLEN:
Ugh.
So, how much
is in there, Glen?
Well, if it's all here,
and I certainly hope it is,
then we will have collected
just shy of...
thirty dollars!
And it's all here! Woo-hoo!
We listened to Stewart talk for
what felt like two fiscal weeks
for thirty bucks?
Just shy
of thirty bucks!
And... curtain.
I'd have a beer.
You're going so soon?
I owe my hick
a boar chop supper.
- Ooh! Salt and pepper?
- You got it, girl.
Tell boo I said what's up.
You got it, girl.
GLEN:
But-- but wait.
We just reacquired
all this money.
And what on earth
am I gonna do with it all?
Ask the Vatican!
You know, again, this is not
a Catholic church.
Okay, in the future,
I would pay $50
to not have to
listen to Stewart speak.
Oof. Amen to that.
But...
ba-doop-boop-boop,
I just wanted to thank you
for everything you did today,
bestie.
(Tanis groaning)
So, what's docking?
We can't do it.
Hmm.
Wanna soak?
Not in my pews.
(The Age of Electric "Enya")
♪
- How 'r' ya now?
- Good, 'n you?
You wanna know what, I'm just
gonna come right out and say it:
I'm half cut.
- I'll catch up.
- Good enough.
What smells
like boar chops?
Oh, might be boar chops.
- Might it?
- Or it mightn't.
I thought we established
that I owe you one?
Well, you like
boar chops, right?
Love boar chops.
Well, I made you
boar chops, Rosie.
Guess I'll have to
make up for it after.
WAYNE:
'Kay.
You can wait a
couple hours, right?
(Wayne grumbling)
(Both grumbling)
♪ Hide in
your inner circle ♪
♪ Strength ain't muscle ♪
♪ Whatever makes it better ♪
♪ Hold onto
your pride ♪
♪ In time,
your faith will wither ♪
♪ Fucked up and gone ♪
♪ Hurt won't
live forever ♪
♪
♪ Enya ♪
♪ In your garden ♪
♪ All of your angels gather ♪
♪ Taking you into hiding ♪
♪ Under their wings ♪
♪ Enya ♪
♪ In your saviour ♪
♪ Can you find hope for future ♪
♪ Where all fears and anger ♪
♪ Won't cloud your... ♪